[UZAKI laughing]
Who'da thunk, eh?
I guess we really do
make a great pair.
You might just be a
match made in heaven!
If nothing's stopping you,
why not go for it?
[laughing, sighs]
[UZAKI muffled screaming]
[YANAGI] Mom! Help!
I think Hana's drowning!
[TSUKI]
What? Stay with me, Hana!
Mommy's got you!
[UZAKI laughs]
What I'm saying is,
it would seem that
everybody's favorite loner
Sakurai is basically
obsessed with me.
What can I say?
I've always known deep down
that I'm a certified temptress!
[BOTH]
Huh?!
Wow, that's interesting.
So, did something happen
after the festival?
Heh, lemme tell ya!
I've had a sneaking suspicion
for a while now
that Mister Meathead's
caught some feelings.
But then I had an ah-ha moment.
He's totally crushing!
[SAKAKI] Wait, she's only
realizing that now?
[ASAI]
And this late in the game?
No wonder she's looking
even more chipper than usual.
[SAKAKI] The girl's practically
beaming with joy.
[SAKAKI] Question, Uzaki, have
you looked in a mirror lately?
Huh? I wash my face and
brush my teeth every day.
So yeah, obviously.
[SAKAKI] What's obvious is that
you can't read sarcasm. Still...
Despite Uzaki's obliviousness,
things are finally starting
to develop here, and yet...
[ASAI] I can't believe those
two hopeless dum-dums
made it this far, and yet...
[CAFÉ OWNER] And yet,
even though the ball is in
their court, and the goal
is right in front of them.
[SAKAKI, ASAI, CAFÉ OWNER]
It doesn't make a difference.
Those fools are
never gonna score.
Hey, what should we do
to speed things along?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
At this point it's all up
to those two, wouldn't you say?
There isn't much we can
do from the sidelines.
[SAKAKI]
Never say never, my good man.
It isn't too late to add a
little fuel to the love engine.
[ASAI whimpering]
[SAKAKI]
Oof, she's a mess.
All these pit stops must be
making her brain spin out.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Yes, it would seem that way.
I know it must be
torture for her,
but we can't afford
to blow our cover yet.
[SAKAKI]
We've got to lend a hand...
[CAFÉ OWNER] ...while also being
careful not to show our hand.
[SAKAKI] Say, where's Saku?
Is he not working today?
[CAFÉ OWNER] Hmm?
Oh, Sakurai has the day off.
He's such a goof.
He bought another new video game
and then rushed home
to play it like a nerd.
And he's already got a whole
backlog of titles piled up.
He can be a real hoarder.
That's impressive.
[SAKAKI]
She gobbled that bait up
Why not go keep him company?
[UZAKI]
I figure he wants to enjoy
the first playthrough
by himself.
And I'm not trying to get in
between him and his fun.
[SAKAKI] Huh. That's
surprisingly thoughtful of her.
Especially since she usually
barges in uninvited.
[UZAKI laughs]
And besides, he likes me, right?
Probably in a less-than-
wholesome type of way.
[ASAI gasping]
[SAKAKI]
She actually said that out loud?
Going there alone would be like
walking into a lion's den.
Some very frisky lions,
if you know what I'm saying.
[SAKAKI] Huh?! Of course,
she isn't being considerate.
At the end of the day,
she's just being a chicken!
Ugh, why do I bother?
[SAKAKI] Okay, but why
would any of that matter now?
[UZAKI]
Hm?
[SAKAKI] You've been to Saku's
place plenty of times.
On occasion, you've even
spent the night there.
[UZAKI gasps]
[SAKAKI] And when I first met
you, didn't you say that Sakurai
was the safest creature
in the whole world?
I did, but now I'm not so sure.
They say you can
never be too careful.
What if that fortune
somehow awakened
something beastly inside him?
That's a crock of--
[NARRATOR]
And just like that, Ami snapped!
I dunno, Uzaki.
It would take a lot to change
a stubborn bull like him.
[UZAKI] How can you be
so certain about that?
This is a full-grown man
we're talking about.
Better safe than sorry.
[SAKAKI] Since when have you
ever followed that advice?
[ASAI growls]
Blowing up isn't going
to accomplish anything.
Listen, I'm sorry, but with
everything that's happening
so far, all this waiting
around's getting on my nerves.
[CAFÉ OWNER grunting]
[SAKAKI]
I get why Asai's frustrated.
At first it was kinda cute,
but this tension's
becoming more and more
awkward by the day.
I'd hoped Uzaki would've
gone for it by now.
Didn't think she'd be the type
to choke when push
came to shove.
And if nothing changes, the way
those two are bumbling around,
they're gonna end up
stuck in an awkward
holding pattern for
the rest of their lives!
[ASAI]
It's no use!
I can't just sit back and
watch them anymore.
Believe me, I'm dying to see
how this goes down. But...
[BOTH] At this rate, those
monkeys are never gonna breed.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Interesting choice of metaphor.
[phone ringing]
[UZAKI]
Hm? Hey there, gamer boy?
[SAKURAI] Eh, I'm getting kinda
bored just playing with myself.
But you bought yourself
a copy, too, didn't you?
Wanna co-op with me?
[UZAKI]
Jeez, inconsiderate much?
I've got a lot on the ol'
agenda today, y'know!
[SAKURAI]
Oh, my bad. Another time then.
[UZAKI]
Fine, twist my arm why don't ya.
Okay, I guess I'll help
you out even though
you're not leaving me
much of a choice.
Well, I tried to say no,
but you know how he can be.
Can't leave him alone for a
second before he starts cryin'!
[GROUP grunts]
Okey-dokey, see ya later,
coffee makers!
[SAKAKI, ASAI]
What is this, a booty call?
What's your take on the matter?
I feel like I'm going nuts.
Those dodos need to
get it on already!
[SAKAKI]
Yeah, I hear you.
Don't worry, I'll come up
with a new plan of attack.
It's time to quit playing games
and kick things into high gear.
Right there with ya, buddy.
[NARRATOR] And thus, a different
sort of co-op mission began.
Is this really a good idea?
[SAKAKI] There's something
crucial here that Uzaki
hasn't even thought about.
It's important that we
let her know at once.
Alternatively, maybe we
could just lock them
in a cell for a few days,
or leave them on a deserted
island instead?
Wait, it's almost winter,
so we could try the mountains.
We need to isolate them
under extreme conditions.
Um. Why not something
a bit less insane.
[door opens]
Hello, be with you
in a sec-- Uh?
Yo, how ya doin'?
Look who it is. Someone's
been stopping by a lot.
Oh, Sakurai's not here.
[SAKAKI]
Aw, guess I missed him.
Just as planned.
[ASAI]
By our immaculate design.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Aw yeah.
[NARRATOR] They had
strategically rearranged
that week's schedule
so Sakurai and Uzaki
worked separate shifts.
Providing the most ideal
environment for subjugation.
[UZAKI] So, I was like, "Hey,
don't you have something to say
to me?", then he froze and made
that face he's always making!
[SAKAKI] She's been chattering
away this entire time.
Still as giddy as ever.
A whole week's gone by
since the school festival,
and yet she hasn't made
a move on the poor guy.
[ASAI] It's like she's strutting
around with boxing gloves,
but she won't get in
the stupid ring, argh.
No, wait, I gotta stay calm.
Today's the day we make Uzaki
get in there and throw down!
Then again, how are we
supposed to do that
when she's got her
head in the clouds?
[SAKAKI] Listen, don't
take this the wrong way,
but for all the
celebrating you're doing,
don't you think you're
getting ahead of yourself?
[CAFÉ OWNER grunts]
What do you mean?
[SAKAKI]
You've been gloating about
how Sakurai's been
crushing on you.
But how do you know you aren't
just projecting onto him?
[ASAI]
Did this jerkface really just--?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Whoa, right for the jugular.
[UZAKI] I mean, I don't think
I'm imagining things. I hope.
[SAKAKI] Have you asked
the big guy how he feels?
If you haven't,
you probably should.
[UZAKI] But-- But I was
pretty sure about it.
You might not be aware of
what I'm about to tell you,
but Saku's super popular
with his classmates.
He's what now?
He's a good kid, after all.
Our customers are fans of his as
well, especially female patrons.
And some of the guys
like him, too.
Since when?
Sakurai's a funny one.
He does give off
scary vibes at first,
and you wouldn't
necessarily think
he's the easiest guy to talk to.
But later, when you
get to know him,
he's surprisingly kind
and down to earth. Hot!
Not to blow anyone's cover,
but sometimes you can
catch the girls staring.
And who am I to blame them?
That boy is such
diligent worker.
There isn't a more
upstanding young man!
Now if I were only
a little younger,
I'd be going after him myself!
I'd wear him right out!
[UZAKI gasping]
Wh-What is this?
Why is my back getting
sweaty all of a sudden?
[SAKAKI] Of course, with the way
you always hang around him,
people assume he's taken.
You just don't notice.
[SAKAKI] It's true!
Saku may not be perfect,
but despite his flaws,
he's a solid fixer-upper!
[UZAKI] Are we talking
about the same guy?
[BOTH]
Mm-hm!
[NARRATOR] The other two nodded
with their noddiest nods yet.
So, all things considered,
you should be careful
not to let your guard down.
He's like a bag of fries
being circled by a flock
of hungry seagulls.
So be wary, otherwise
some other girl
might swoop in
before you know it.
[UZAKI growls]
Even your friend here
can't stop looking at Saku
with goo-goo eyes.
[ASAI screaming]
Hold up, you've been
checking him out, too?
[ASAI] Don't listen to him!
It's nothing but slander!
Huh? You're always practically
drooling over the guy.
Since when do you
even try to hide it?
I'm hardly ever here, and
your tongue's always dragging.
[ASAI]
What are you even talking about?
[SAKAKI] Look, I get it.
He's got that hot swimmer bod.
[UZAKI]
I knew it! You do check him out!
[ASAI] Not like that!
I only look respectfully!
That's not the word I'd use.
Thanks, Dad!
Well, you do try to tone
it down around customers.
[ASAI]
Like that's better?
Listen, I don't lech out
on him or anybody else!
[UZAKI]
Sakaki, if you wouldn't mind?
[ASAI gasping]
[SAKAKI] Uh-huh.
Nothing pervy about that.
[UZAKI]
You thirsty little minx.
Wait, that's not
who I am at all!
It's 'cause I can't
help myself sometimes.
My eyes just go where they go,
and I get sucked in!
[SAKAKI]
Bet that'd hold up in court.
Listen, it's not like I
like Sakurai or anything.
Well, I don't exactly
hate him, either,
if that makes sense?
I mean I never thought of
him as boyfriend material.
Er, that's harsh. I'm saying
he has a nice personality!
No, not that it. Ooh, I know!
The only thing that
I want is his body!
That totally came out wrong!
I rest my case.
Sex-crazed predators like Asai
only want one thing
and it's disgusting.
It's not my fault he's hot.
[SAKAKI]
There's nothing wrong with
getting caught up in the moment.
But if you think you want
to be with Saku like that,
you might wanna make a move
sooner rather than later.
Well, you do have a point.
But even so, I...
[SAKURAI]
Hey, everybody. How y'all doing?
[gasps]
[CAFÉ OWNER]
My, speak of the devil.
Yo, I thought you were
supposed to be off today.
Uzaki and I were planning
to have dinner at my place
after she finished her shift,
but since it's been
getting dark earlier
and earlier these days,
I thought I'd pick her up
and walk her over.
Well, aren't you a gentleman.
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
One sec. I gotta change!
Sure. Wanna join us, Itsuhito?
Oh man, I wish I could.
The agenda's looking really
packed at the moment.
Alrighty then. Say,
are you okay Ami?
You've been, uh, staring at
the dishes this entire time.
[ASAI]
Oh, don't mind me.
Let's just say I've run
out of spoons for the day.
It's taking every last ounce
of strength I have
to focus on these mugs.
Huh?
[SAKAKI] Fire successfully
kindled, and now we wait.
I'm glad we got things
moving again.
I mean we did have to drag you
through the mud to do it,
but a victory's still a victory!
[laughing]
[ASAI whines]
I hate your guts, you know that?
You gonna cry about it?
[ASAI cries]
[CAFÉ OWNER sighs]
Hey. You've barely said
a word to me tonight.
You good?
[UZAKI] Uh, I'm fine.
Just had a long day.
Now, what should we
make for dinner tonight?
I'm so hungry I could
eat a whole horse!
[SAKURAI] All right. I mustn't
waste a single breadcrumb.
You know, Sakurai.
You actually don't have to be
precise with your measurements.
For real, you're taking forever!
Rough estimates are fine
for recipes like this!
Are they? I wouldn't know.
I've never made
fried food before.
I guess I'm worried I'm gonna
screw up these croquettes.
[TSUKI] I understand,
but it can be exhausting
to weigh out every
single ingredient.
[SAKURAI]
Then what should I do instead?
[TSUKI]
That's a good question.
I suppose it's time I showed you
how to eyeball
your measurements.
[SAKURAI] Seriously?
But I'm only a beginner.
Am I even ready?
Isn't that an advanced skill?
[TSUKI] No, it's not
particularly complicated.
As the name suggests,
you use your eyes
to estimate the amount
of something.
Let's start by taking a look
at the ten grams of salt
you measured earlier.
You ready?
I think so.
Now do your best to pour
out the same amount.
[SAKURAI]
Uh, okay.
[SAKURAI exhales]
Perfect first try!
You're not just saying that?
Of course not!
The whole point is it doesn't
have to be exact.
[SAKURAI]
Hm...
That young man takes
everything seriously, huh?
Sure does, but that's
classic Sakurai for ya.
[UZAKI laughs]
Hurry up, or else
some other girl
might swoop in
before you know it.
[SAKAKI screaming]
[TSUKI]
Hana?
What now? Oh, don't mind me,
just gotta cramp in my arm.
[laughs]
[TSUKI sighs] I should take
a little breather, too.
[gasps]
Why, thank you sweetie.
Sakurai's really
enthusiastic about cooking,
so he might keep coming over
to polish his skills.
That okay with you, Mom?
As long as he's happy to learn,
it's absolutely fine.
And all the practice he puts in
does help me get
dinner on the table.
[UZAKI] Well, I'm glad to hear
you're okay with it.
You know what's funny though?
The truth is, he does have
another reason for coming here.
[TSUKI gasping]
[UZAKI] I was curious, what
do you think about Sakurai?
Be honest.
[TSUKI gasps]
Where is she going with this?
Is this it?
Is it finally happening?
[NARRATOR]
It was not.
[TSUKI]
That's sudden? Why do you ask?
Oh, no reason.
Uh, it's just that I've heard
rumors about Sakurai,
like that he's pretty popular
with the girls at school.
Huh?
So, I thought I'd
get your opinion.
That is, if you don't mind.
[TSUKI]
My opinion... on what, exactly?
Uh. I better go feed
the cats now. C'mon guys!
Hana?
[SAKAKI] You might not be aware
of what I'm about to tell you,
but Saku's super popular
with his classmates.
Stupid Sakaki.
Sakurai isn't a playboy!
Still though, what if
Sakaki's onto something?
[sighs]
[SAKURAI]
Here you go.
Fancy running into you here.
Are you all right?
You ran off, so I was
worried that you might've
gone too hard on
the drinks tonight.
[CLASSMATE D]
Oh, what a gentleman.
Thanks for rescuing me.
Well, we're classmates.
Gotta look out for each other.
Yes, of course. Well...
Uh! Ooopsie!
Hey. It's okay, I've got you.
[CLASSMATE D sniffles]
[gasps]
It's no use. I can't lie.
I love you, Sakurai.
I do, too!
[CLASSMATES]
Don't forget about us!
Me, too!
[CLASSMATES screaming]
[CLASSMATE H]
I need you so bad, bro!
[SAKURAI sputtering]
As if that would ever happen!
No more spiraling.
I'm the one that idiot likes!
[TSUKI]
I'm so confused.
What was it that Hana was
trying to bring up earlier?
And why do I feel
anxious about it?
So, um...
[TSUKI screaming]
Ah, sorry about that.
Didn't mean to
startle you just now.
Please, it's all right.
I startle easily.
Did you need something?
[SAKURAI] Uh. Just that I'm done
shaping the croquettes,
like you asked.
Oh, how wonderful.
They're ready to be
breaded and fried.
Uh. Okay.
[SAKURAI] Aw man, I almost
gave her a heart attack.
I should have called to her
from the kitchen instead.
Wait a second, what I would
I have even called her?
Like, Ma'am? Mrs. U?
Or Mama Uzaki?
[SAKURAI]
Question for ya.
Hm? Is something wrong?
[SAKURAI]
If you don't mind,
could you tell me your
first name, please?
[TSUKI gasps]
[yelps]
[TSUKI] Sharing something
like that can close the gap
between acquaintanceship
and intimacy!
Oh dear, this is
just like my dramas!
I have a favor to ask of you.
Please, my love.
Allow me to call you
by your first name
from this moment forward.
[gasps] Should I though?
[TSUKI] No, you musn't let him
tempt you so easily!
You have a family to look after.
You can't just give your heart
away to this manchild!
[YOUTH A]
It doesn't matter.
What?
Your silence at my
proposal says it all.
That I already hold a prominent
space in your mind.
[gasps]
Is that how that works?
Right. My name, it's...
it's Tsuki. Yes.
[TSUKI] No big deal.
I'm just telling him my name.
I didn't even hesitate, which
means we're still in the clear.
[NARRATOR]
She was playing a bizarre game
of mental chicken.
Then in that case,
can I call you Ms. Tsuki?
Huh? Of course. Go right ahead.
Say my name however you like.
As long as you
say it respectfully!
[SAKURAI]
Is she okay?
You'll know they're ready
to plate as soon as
the outsides turn
nice and brown.
Oh. I better take them out.
Ooh, smells great. Are you
almost finished cooking them?
Don't distract me, Uzaki.
I cannot let my guard down.
If we're not careful,
these things will explode
and blow up the entire house!
[UZAKI] Can you please relax?
You're way too scared
of deep-frying,
even for a beginner.
It's not that serious.
Don't get an ulcer!
[TSUKI]
I can't get a read on those two.
Maybe I'll never understand
what those gremlins are
thinking, but still...
It's my responsibility
to speak up.
Both as a mother,
and as an adult.
Hey, Hana. Can we talk?
Listen, sweetie, when we
were chatting and you asked
how I felt about Sakurai,
I got the impression
that you were feeling kind of
uncertain about him yourself.
Am I right?
Don't worry, I won't
ask about it now.
I just wanted to give you
a word of advice.
If there's one thing to
keep in mind about boys,
it's that you should find
one that'll be faithful.
Thanks for the pep talk?
[SAKURAI]
I'm done!
Great work. You did
an expert job frying!
Wow, you really think so?
[gasps] Well, whaddaya say?
Wanna try out some croquettes?
Uh! I guess I don't
have a choice.
Someone's gotta make sure
they aren't poisonous.
[UZAKI]
Ooh!
What's the verdict? Be honest!
Seeing as you learned
to make 'em from my mom,
they're delicious!
Really?!
[UZAKI]
The boy can cook.
Y'know, Sakurai seems like
a pretty faithful guy.
I almost forget what I
was so worried about.
[ASAI laughing]
[CLASSMATES laughing]
Hurry up and get it in, girl!
Seize the day!
[UZAKI] Ugh... Right,
there's still everyone else.
[SAKURAI] I couldn't have done
it without you, Ms. Tsuki!
Huh?
That's another great dish I can
finally add to my recipes.
Thanks for being
patient with me.
Oh please, give
yourself some credit.
You learned so quickly.
You're a model student, my dear!
Ah, really? I'm looking forward
to my next lesson even more.
Thanks, Ms. Tsuki!
[UZAKI]
Oh no. No, no, no, no, no, no.
This is gonna be a problem.